Original Candy Mallard

high

# Spot prices calculated inside `BalancerComposableAuraVault` may not be in line with spot prices from Balancer pools due to rounding differences.

## Summary

The invariant calculated inside `BalancerComposableAuraVault` to determine the spot price is not in line with Balancer pools spot price due to rounding differences. The spot price from Balancer pools may not reflect the spot price calculated by the protocol, leading to further issues.


## Vulnerability Detail

The function `BalancerComposableAuraVault_checkPriceAndCalculateValue()` is using `BalancerSpotPrice.getComposableSpotPrices()` to calculate `spotPrices` (line 91 BalancerComposableAuraVault.sol).

Inside `BalancerSpotPrice.getComposableSpotPrices()` the invariant is calculated rounding up by using `StableMath._calculateInvariant()` with the round up param set to `true` (line 90 BalancerSpotPrice.sol). Here the old version of `StableMath._calculateInvariant()` is used which allows specifying whether the computation should round up or down.

The issue is that Balancer pools were migrated to newer versions and they are using a newer version of the StableMath library where `StableMath._calculateInvariant()` always rounds down.

As a consequence, the `invariant` calculated inside the `BalancerComposableAuraVault` is rounded up as shown above whereas the newer Balancer pools are always rounding down to calculate the invariant, resulting in a different invariant calculated.

`BalancerComposableAuraVault_checkPriceAndCalculateValue()` is called from `SingleSidedLPVaultBase` (line 394 SingleSidedLPVaultBase.sol) in order to check if the spot price calculated are in line. This is done inside `SingleSidedLPVaultBase._calculateLPTokenValue()` to compare the oracle price to the spot price and revert if they are not in line.

Example callstack:

- `SingleSidedLPVaultBase.reinvestReward()` -> `BalancerComposableAuraVault._checkPriceAndCalculateValue()` -> `BalancerSpotPrice.getComposableSpotPrices()` -> `BalancerSpotPrice._calculateStableMathSpotPrice()` -> `SingleSidedLPVaultBase._calculateLPTokenValue()` -> revert if `spotPrices` are not in line with oracle prices.

A [similar issue](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-12-notional-judging/issues/17) has been found in a previous contest for the `Boosted3Token` vault.

## Impact

The invariant is used for the spot price calculation to check whether the LP pool is being manipulated (see comment l353-354 SingleSidedLPVaultBase.sol), before vault actions like `SingleSidedLPVaultBase.reinvestReward()` are executed.

If the invariant calculated by the protocol is inaccurate, the computed spot price might also be inaccurate and may not be matching to the actual spot price of the Balancer pool.

This issue may open an attack vector, because the check whether the LP pool is being manipulated may thus fail and vault actions like `SingleSidedLPVaultBase.reinvestReward()` etc. may proceed despite that there might be a malicious tx going on, potentially leading to a loss of assets for the protocol.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-notional/blob/main/leveraged-vaults/contracts/vaults/BalancerComposableAuraVault.sol#L90-L105

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-notional/blob/main/leveraged-vaults/contracts/vaults/balancer/BalancerSpotPrice.sol#L47-L97

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-notional/blob/main/leveraged-vaults/contracts/vaults/common/SingleSidedLPVaultBase.sol#L385-L411

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-notional/blob/main/leveraged-vaults/contracts/vaults/common/SingleSidedLPVaultBase.sol#L329-L367

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider using the same StableMath version as is used by the Balancer pools.

Or if the vault is supposed to work with deprecated/older Balancer pools, consider adjusting the calculation of the invariant (rounding up or rounding down) depending on the Balancer pool version that is in use for example by introducing a boolean flag `invariantRoundUp` that is reflecting the desired behavior, then using the new `invariantRoundUp` flag to determine whether the invariant should be calculated with rounding up or down.