Brilliant Teal Gazelle

medium

# Potential reversion in the Curve2TokenConvexVault.emergencyExit function when the Curve pool is killed, leading to vault locking failure

## Summary
If the underlying Curve pool's `self.is_killed` becomes true, the `emergencyExit()` function in Curve2TokenConvexVault may fail to execute, preventing the intended withdrawal and locking of the vault. This vulnerability could result in the loss of funds and compromise the emergency protection mechanism of the vault.

## Vulnerability Detail
The Curve2TokenConvexVault.emergencyExit() function is used to trigger an emergency exit on the vault which involves withdrawing the LP tokens in a Curve pool by calling `_unstakeAndExitPool` with `isSingleSided = true`. The `_unstakeAndExitPool` then proceeds to remove the LP tokens from the Curve pool via `remove_liquidity_one_coin`.

```solidity
// File: leveraged-vaults/contracts/vaults/common/SingleSidedLPVaultBase.sol
480:    function emergencyExit(
        ...
489:        _unstakeAndExitPool(claimToExit, new uint256[](NUM_TOKENS()), true); // <= FOUND: always reverts if the Curve pool is killed
        ...
494:        emit EmergencyExit(claimToExit);
495:        _lockVault(); // <= FOUND: unable to lock the vault if _unstakeAndExitPool reverts
496:    }

// File: leveraged-vaults/contracts/vaults/Curve2TokenConvexVault.sol
66:    function _unstakeAndExitPool(
        ...
80:        if (isSingleSided) {
81:            // Redeem single-sided
82:            exitBalances[_PRIMARY_INDEX] = pool.remove_liquidity_one_coin( // <= FOUND
83:                poolClaim, int8(_PRIMARY_INDEX), _minAmounts[_PRIMARY_INDEX]
84:            );
            ...
95:    }
```

The root cause of the vulnerability is that the `emergencyExit()` function relies on the `remove_liquidity_one_coin` function in the underlying Curve pool contract. If the Curve pool is killed (`self.is_killed` is true), calling `remove_liquidity_one_coin` always reverts at the assertion below, leading to the failure of the emergency exit process.

[Curve Pool Contract](https://github.com/curvefi/curve-contract/blob/b0bbf77f8f93c9c5f4e415bce9cd71f0cdee960e/contracts/pools/3pool/StableSwap3Pool.vy#L674):
```python
670: def remove_liquidity_one_coin(_token_amount: uint256, i: int128, min_amount: uint256):
671:     """
672:     Remove _amount of liquidity all in a form of coin i
673:     """
674:     assert not self.is_killed  # dev: is killed
```

## Impact
There are two impacts that should be discussed in this case:
1. Funds remain locked in the Curve pool until the `BaseStrategyVault.redeemFromNotional` function is called by Notional to redeem tokens proportionally via `remove_liquidity` instead. However, this still defeats the core functionality of the `emergencyExit` function.
2. The `_lockVault` can never be called due to reversion of `_unstakeAndExitPool` which leads to the associated protection mechanisms, such as locking the vault, cannot be executed. In the event of an emergency, where it is crucial to locking the vault, the inability to call `_lockVault()` effectively leaves the vault vulnerable to unknown potential exploits. This should be a Med severity based on [Sherlock docs's Section V.2](https://docs.sherlock.xyz/audits/judging/judging#v.-how-to-identify-a-medium-issue)

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-notional-0xpep/tree/main/leveraged-vaults/contracts/vaults/common/SingleSidedLPVaultBase.sol#L489

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
It is recommended to enhance the `emergencyExit()` function to handle the scenario where the Curve pool is killed. The function should accept an additional parameter, `isKilled`, and adjust the call to `_unstakeAndExitPool` accordingly, ensuring that emergency exits can still be performed even if the underlying Curve pool is in a killed state.

Note: [Similar report](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-blueberry-judging/issues/15) was previously accepted as Med severity.