Fit Raisin Donkey

medium

# Hardcoded chainId Restricts Smart Contract Deployment to Arbitrum Only

## Summary
The constructor in the contract `BaseStrategyVault` includes a hardcoded chain ID check for Arbitrum (chain ID 42161). However, according to the [audit context](https://audits.sherlock.xyz/contests/119), the deployment is intended for Arbitrum, Mainnet and Optimism. A harcoded value will only work for Arbitrum.

## Vulnerability Detail

The constructor uses a hardcoded chain ID (42161, which corresponds to Arbitrum) to verify that it is being deployed on the intended network. This check will prevent the contract from being deployed on any other network if the `Deployments` libarary uses a different chainId, even if it is designed and intended for multi-network deployment. 

```javascript
    constructor(NotionalProxy notional_, ITradingModule tradingModule_) initializer {
        // Make sure we are using the correct Deployments lib
@>        uint256 chainId = 42161; 
        //assembly { chainId := chainid() }
        require(Deployments.CHAIN_ID == chainId);

        NOTIONAL = notional_;
        TRADING_MODULE = tradingModule_;
    }
```
## Impact

All the different Vault contracts inherit directly or not from the contract `BaseStrategyVault`. This means that the vaults can only be deployed to Arbitrum. This restricts its intended multi-network functionality. Reduced user-reach.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-notional/blob/main/leveraged-vaults/contracts/vaults/common/BaseStrategyVault.sol#L59

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider replacing the hardcoded chain ID with a dynamic check using the assembly code line. This allows the contract to automatically check the chain ID of the network on which it is being deployed.

```diff
-     //assembly { chainId := chainid() }
+     assembly { chainId := chainid() }.
```

- Check the chainId using a curacted list of allowed chainIds.
