Original Candy Mallard

high

# Due to multiple issues the reinvestor may be able to steal funds from the vault.

## Summary

Due to combining multiple issues the reinvestor may be able to steal funds from the vault.

## Vulnerability Detail

Issue 1 - reinvest reward possible with rewardToken==ETH:

- ConvexStakingMixin._isInvalidRewardToken() is only checking against `Deployments.ALT_ETH_ADDRESS` but is missing a check against `Deployments.ETH_ADDRESS` (address(0)).

This may result in the reinvestor to use `SingleSidedLPVaultBase.reinvestReward()` to reinvest ETH (address(0)).

Issue 2:

- `TradingUtils._approve()` approves `WETH` if `trade.sellToken == address(0)`. Note: It can only approve WETH up to the balance of ETH the vault is holding. Note: reinvesting is possible with rewardToken==ETH (address(0)) due to Issue 1.

Issue 3:

- `TokenUtils.checkRevoke()` not revoking WETH when sellToken is ETH. This leads to a lingering WETH approval to the DEX.

Issue 4:

- ZeroExAdapter.getExecutionData() not validating trade.exchangeData. The reinvestor can specify any exchangeData which may open up malicious tx.

Potential issue with malicious reinvestor when executing `reinvestReward()`:

Let's assume we have this constellation:

TOKEN_1 = WETH
<br>TOKEN_2 != ETH
<br>rewardToken = ETH
<br>trade.sellToken = Deployments.ETH_ADDRESS
<br>DEX = ZERO_EX

reinvestor tx1 (`reinvestReward()`):
        <br>specify ZERO_EX
        <br>sellToken ETH
        <br>buyToken TOKEN_1 or TOKEN_2
            <br>with exchangeData:
                <br>but sell nothing
                <br>slippage 0
        <br>This will approve WETH to ZERO_EX
            <br>revoke will not happen.
    <br><br>reinvestor tx2:
        <br>specify ZERO_EX again
        <br>trade.sellToken = a token which is not TOKEN_1 or TOKEN_2 and which has <br>a balance in the vault or which i send to the vault
        <br>trade.amount = just set it to a small amount so it doesn't revert
            <br>exchangeData: this is the real data that the exchange is using
                <br>sell WETH as much as is approved from the vault
                    <br>since approval already happened in tx1
                <br>receiver = reinvestor
                <br>ALSO NOTE: no slippage protection if WETH goes back to vault.

Note: Sorry I am writing this last minute, so I didn't have the time for more formatting.

## Impact

The reinvestor steals WETH by selling WETH from the vault in the 2nd tx and receives other assets from ZERO_EX as part of the trade.

Due to multiple issues there is an attack vector for a reinvestor to steal funds from the protocol by using ZERO_EX.

Currently this attack only works if the vault is holding ETH, because when WETH is being approved for Zero_EX, the protocol only approves up to the balance of ETH in the vault.

Due to multiple issues that were listed above there may be an attack vector when the vault is holding ETH which can be abused by the reinvestor to steal all WETH from the vault by trading it via multiple reinvestReward() tx to Zero_EX, specifying the reinvestor address as receiver.

## Code Snippet


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider fixing the issues listed above with approval of WETH and lingering approval of WETH which is not revoked under the circumstances described. Also consider sanitizing exchangeData when trading with Zero_Ex.