Energetic Tortilla Okapi

medium

# `chainId` of Arbitum breaks Mainnet and Optimism deployments

## Summary
The constructor of `BaseStrategyVault` requires the chain id matches that from `Deployments.CHAIN_ID` (the value assigned is `42161`, the Arbitum chain id).

Although `Deployments.sol` is out of scope, in scope `Deployments.CHAIN_ID` is used to control program flow, deciding which chain specific functions are invoked on external contracts. The outcome always being the same, irrespective of the chain deployed onto, only the Arbitum path is ever used.


## Vulnerability Detail
The constructor of [BaseStrategyVault](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-notional/blob/7aadd254da5f645a7e1b718e7f9128f845e10f02/leveraged-vaults/contracts/vaults/common/BaseStrategyVault.sol#L57-L65) contains the setting of `chainId` to `42161` (Arbitum chain).
```solidity
    constructor(NotionalProxy notional_, ITradingModule tradingModule_) initializer {
        // Make sure we are using the correct Deployments lib
        uint256 chainId = 42161;
        //assembly { chainId := chainid() }
        require(Deployments.CHAIN_ID == chainId);

        NOTIONAL = notional_;
        TRADING_MODULE = tradingModule_;
    }
```

Throughout the code the constant `Deployments.CHAIN_ID` is used, rather than retrieving the chain id, resulting in the
flow control gates always choosing the Arbitum path.

An example is `Curve2TokenConvexVault.`[_joinPoolAndStake](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-notional/blob/7aadd254da5f645a7e1b718e7f9128f845e10f02/leveraged-vaults/contracts/vaults/Curve2TokenConvexVault.sol#L58C1-L62C10), where `Deployments.CHAIN_ID` will always be Arbitum (as its enforced in the constructor), resultingly the Mainnet path will never be used, even on Mainnet. 
```solidity
        if (Deployments.CHAIN_ID == Constants.CHAIN_ID_MAINNET) {
            success = IConvexBooster(CONVEX_BOOSTER).deposit(CONVEX_POOL_ID, lpTokens, true);
        } else if (Deployments.CHAIN_ID == Constants.CHAIN_ID_ARBITRUM) {
            success = IConvexBoosterArbitrum(CONVEX_BOOSTER).deposit(CONVEX_POOL_ID, lpTokens);
        }
```

Given the commented out inline Yul `{ chainId := chainid() }`, this might have been a work-around for dev/testing, 
but this being the code under audit, I'd feel remissed in omitting it.


## Impact
The [Notional Update 4 ReadMe](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-notional/blob/7aadd254da5f645a7e1b718e7f9128f845e10f02/README.md?plain=1#L10-L11) states the deployment chains that need supporting:
>Q: On what chains are the smart contracts going to be deployed?
>
>Arbitrum, Mainnet, Optimism

Requirements on any mismatch between `Deployments.sol` and chain id from Discord channel [notional-update-4-nov-18](https://discord.com/channels/812037309376495636/1175450365395751023/1176511225752993842):
>Jeff Wu | Notional:
> 
>Getting a few questions about the constructor in the BaseStrategyVault and the check against chainid.
>There are some constants in Deployments.sol which are chain specific. 
>The constructor should revert if the contract is being deployed to a mismatched chain from the Deployments.sol file it is compiled with.

The constructor does not revert when there is a mismatched chain from `the Deployments.sol`, failing the requirement.

The control flow effected when deployed on:
- Mainnet: an unusable `Curve2TokenConvexVault` would be deployed, with the stake, unstake and claim rewards
functions that will all revert.
- Optimism: `Curve2TokenConvexVault` can be deployed (against the intention in the code against unsupported chains), with 
reverting stake, claim and reward functions.

`Deployments.sol` holds chain specific addresses (although some addresses are common across chains),
Mainnet and Optimism deployments would be using the Arbitum address, some would be incorrect, resulting
in failing calls to routers and wrapped staked ether.


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-notional/blob/7aadd254da5f645a7e1b718e7f9128f845e10f02/leveraged-vaults/contracts/vaults/common/BaseStrategyVault.sol#L58-L61


## Tool used
Manual Review


## Recommendation
In the constructor of [BaseStrategyVault](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-notional/blob/7aadd254da5f645a7e1b718e7f9128f845e10f02/leveraged-vaults/contracts/vaults/common/BaseStrategyVault.sol#L59-L61) check the id of the chain being deployed on against the `Deployments.sol` being used.

```diff
-        uint256 chainId = 42161;
-        //assembly { chainId := chainid() }
-        require(Deployments.CHAIN_ID == chainId);
+        require(Deployments.CHAIN_ID == block.chainId);
```
