Clean Pewter Gazelle

high

# Slight errors in calculations allow users to steal other people's property

## Summary

When the user deposits, since there is no slippage protection, the funds deposited by the user only need not be divisible, then the `totalPoolClaim/totalPoolClaim` will become larger. This effect is similar to artificially created bonus funds.

```solidity
vaultShares = (lpTokens * state.totalVaultSharesGlobal) / state.totalPoolClaim
```

In this way, those who join the treasury later will actually receive fewer shares.

## Vulnerability Detail

Assume Constants.INTERNAL_TOKEN_PRECISION is 100 and POOL_PRECISION is 10000.

1. Malicious user A deposits 1600000099 and will receive 16000000 shares. At this time, the totalPoolClaim value is 16000000.

2. User B deposits 10,000, and the calculated shares are 99.999993. Rounding down is 99 shares.

3. At this time, malicious user A is withdrawing money, and the amount obtained will be 1600000198.9987688. The actual amount obtained is 1600000198. At this time, user A has obtained part of user B's deposit.

If a malicious user keeps increasing the `totalPoolClaim` value through mev in this way, the shares obtained by other users will be reduced even more.

## Impact

Malicious users can steal other people’s funds

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-notional/blob/main/leveraged-vaults/contracts/vaults/common/SingleSidedLPVaultBase.sol#L235-L235

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Users should add slippage protection when obtaining shares. When the shares obtained exceed the slippage range, the transaction will be cancelled.