Scrawny Velvet Goose

high

# TradingUtils._executeTrade() will leak ETH to WETH

## Summary
If sellToken is `ETH`, and using Uniswap for the dex, and it is exact out trade, too much is deposited to the `WETH` and does not withdraw the excess amount. It will give wrong `amountSold` value as well as accounting error.
## Vulnerability Detail
trade.sellToken is ETH and using Uniswap as dex, `WETH` should be used instead of `ETH` as Uniswap does not support `ETH`. There for `TradingUtils` wraps the `ETH` to `WETH` before trading.

If the trade would be exact out, the amount trade.limit will be deposited to `WETH`  instead of the trade.amount. However, because it is exact out, not all `ETH` deposited will be traded. In the current implementation, there is no logic to recover the excess deposit.

As the `TradingUtils::_executeInternal`, which uses the `TradingUtils::_executeTrade` will calculate the `amountSold` based on the balance of `ETH`, it will return the trade.limit as the `amountSold`, thus resulting in accounting error.

## Impact
`amountSold` will reflect not the amount really sold, rather the trade.limit. It is unclear whether the excess amount of `ETH`, which is deposited for `WETH` can be recovered.
## Code Snippet
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-notional/blob/main/leveraged-vaults/contracts/trading/TradingUtils.sol#L143C1-L151C10
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-notional/blob/main/leveraged-vaults/contracts/trading/TradingUtils.sol#L28C1-L63C6
## Tool used

Manual Review, exactly same issue was found in the notional past audit but the fix isn't implemented in this current codebase, 
link [here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-09-notional-judging/issues/98)

## Recommendation
In the `_executeTrade`, if the sellToken is `ETH` and it is exact out trade, recover excess deposit