Fit Raisin Donkey

medium

# Potential DOS in `reinvestReward` due to price manipulation

## Summary

An attacker can target the function `SingleSidedLPVaultBase::_calculateLPTokenValue` to make the price limits check consistently revert for all users transactions by manipulating spot prices. The attacker can target any non view critical function that calls this for example the reward reinvesting function `reinvestReward`.

## Vulnerability Detail

Let's assume that the protocol's bot launched the function `reinvestReward`.
The pool balances used for spot price calculation are recovered using the below function. An MEV bot can front-run legitimate transactions to manipulate the pool balances and by extension the spot prices :

Function `getComposableSpotPrices` :
```javascript 
(tokens, balances, /* */) = Deployments.BALANCER_VAULT.getPoolTokens(poolId);

spotPrices[i] = _calculateStableMathSpotPrice(
                ampParam, scalingFactors, balances, scaledPrimary, primaryIndex, i
            );
```

In a lesser extant, the external oracle prices can also be manipulated but this will be very hard to pull off for reliable oracles like Chainlink.
Function `_calculateLPTokenValue` :
```javascript 
uint256 price = _getOraclePairPrice(primaryToken, address(tokens[i]));
```

This manipulation would cause the spot price to deviate beyond the allowed limit, triggering the revert condition.

Function `_calculateLPTokenValue` :
```javascript 
if (spotPrices[i] < lowerLimit || upperLimit < spotPrices[i]) {
    revert Errors.InvalidPrice(price, spotPrices[i]);
}
```
## Impact

Any critical function calling `_checkPriceAndCalculateValue` is impacted. From the scope of the audit the reward renvesting functionnality is impacted. The function `reinvestReward` can be made to consistently revert. Any other function that calls `_checkPriceAndCalculateValue` outside of the scope is also impacted.

The impact is a permanent DOS of  `reinvestReward` for all Vaults.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-notional/blob/main/leveraged-vaults/contracts/vaults/common/SingleSidedLPVaultBase.sol#L394
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-notional/blob/main/leveraged-vaults/contracts/vaults/BalancerComposableAuraVault.sol#L91
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-notional/blob/main/leveraged-vaults/contracts/vaults/common/SingleSidedLPVaultBase.sol#L351-L357

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

It depends, it seems that the primary use for the check is to prevent price manipulation when calculating the reward amounts since it is run by bots. 

A consideration would be to add a new `reinvestReward` function that is called every now and then (or everyday) by humans (owner/investor role), that takes as parameters all the needed information for the trades (minimum amounts, deadline ...). This new function would not call the function  `_checkPriceAndCalculateValue ` because since parameters are set externally, manipulation is not possible.