Huge Cinnamon Dalmatian

medium

# Reward token can be an underlying token and it would not be possible to reinvest rewards

## Summary
Some pools can have reward tokens as same as one of the underlying token. In this case Notional reward investor role will not be able to compound the rewards properly and the rewards will be stuck in the contract. 
## Vulnerability Detail
As Notional considers all pools containing one of the underlying assets usable, certain pools may have reward tokens identical to one of the underlying tokens. However, compounding these rewards might not be feasible due to the checks in the executeRewardTrades function.

Consider the scenario where Notional selects the rETH-wstETH single-sided vault for its ETH, which is a strong candidate. Yet, additional rewards from the Curve gauge might also be in wstETH. Lido has contemplated rewarding some pools similarly, such as the stETH-ETH pool, where they provide wstETH instead of LDO. If such a situation arises, wherein wstETH is both an underlying asset and a reward source from the Convex gauge, rewardInvestors won't be able to claim and reinvest those wstETH rewards due to the following check:
`if (_isInvalidRewardToken(rewardToken)) revert Errors.InvalidRewardToken(rewardToken);`
and this is the invalidRewardToken
```solidity
function _isInvalidRewardToken(address token) internal override view returns (bool) {
        return (
            token == TOKEN_1 ||
            token == TOKEN_2 ||
            token == address(CURVE_POOL_TOKEN) ||
            token == address(CONVEX_REWARD_POOL) ||
            token == address(CONVEX_BOOSTER) ||
            token == Deployments.ALT_ETH_ADDRESS
        );
    }
```

This function validates that selling rewards, which are also underlying tokens, isn't possible. 
## Impact
1-Reward tokens can be underlying tokens and notional has no control over it
2- Since all curve pools can be used, any pool that has crv-cvx-bal pairs also be used and they are reward tokens

Considering above points, I think this is a valid medium
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-notional/blob/7aadd254da5f645a7e1b718e7f9128f845e10f02/leveraged-vaults/contracts/vaults/common/SingleSidedLPVaultBase.sol#L385-L427
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-notional/blob/7aadd254da5f645a7e1b718e7f9128f845e10f02/leveraged-vaults/contracts/vaults/common/SingleSidedLPVaultBase.sol#L422
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-notional/blob/7aadd254da5f645a7e1b718e7f9128f845e10f02/leveraged-vaults/contracts/vaults/curve/ConvexStakingMixin.sol#L60-L69
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Make a flag that tells the contract reward token is also an underlying token of the pool. Vault contract should never have idle tokens as long as it is not paused and when its paused reinvesting rewards are not possible. Hence, I think it is safe to say that allowing reward investors to sell reward/underlying tokens in general